Staging environment adds (#5356)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/collaborate/explore-projects.md

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/collaborate/dbt-explorer/example-model-details.png" width="100%" title="Example of resource details" />

## Staging environment <Lifecycle status='beta' />

> dbt Explorer supports views for [Staging deployment enviornments](/docs/deploy/deploy-environments#staging-environment), in addition to the Production environment. This gives you a unique view into your pre-production data workflows with the same tools available in production. This allows you to control access to sensitive data and the added benefits of having a layer between development and production. Once the Staging environment is configured, it will be visible in the dbt Explorer landing page.

Author: ```suggestion
dbt Explorer supports views for [Staging deployment enviornments](/docs/deploy/deploy-environments#staging-environment), in addition to the Production environment. This gives you a unique view into your pre-production data workflows with the same tools available in production. This allows you to control access to sensitive data and the added benefits of having a layer between development and production. Once the Staging environment is configured, it will be visible on the dbt Explorer landing page.
```

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/collaborate/dbt-explorer/example-model-details.png" width="100%" title="Example of resource details" />

## Staging environment <Lifecycle status='beta' />

> dbt Explorer supports views for [Staging deployment enviornments](/docs/deploy/deploy-environments#staging-environment), in addition to the Production environment. This gives you a unique view into your pre-production data workflows with the same tools available in production. This allows you to control access to sensitive data and the added benefits of having a layer between development and production. Once the Staging environment is configured, it will be visible on the dbt Explorer landing page.

Reviewer: A few suggested changes here for clarity
```suggestion
dbt Explorer supports views for [Staging deployment environments](/docs/deploy/deploy-environments#staging-environment), in addition to the Production environment. This gives you a unique view into your pre-production data workflows, with the same tools available in production, while providing an extra layer of scrutiny. Once the Staging environment is configured and has a successful job run, it will be visible on the dbt Explorer landing page.
```
